I don't have a mother.
I'm sick. I just had surgery.
Are you considered my biological parents?
As soon as I came in, I didn't care.
As soon as I open my mouth, I want to return to the family
Send me to be someone else's woman
I have a husband
My daughter was beaten.
Is it wrong for his father to protect him?
i
You, stop crying
Didn't we come to see you?
Isn't it a minor surgery?
Not dead, right?
Fan Xin, you've been a little angry recently.
I, Ye Fanxin, am my woman
You don't feel sorry for me
He needs to rest now.
Please go out
Which onion are you?
Why dare to go to the door?
You go
Grandma and grandpa are bad guys
Make my mother cry, go away
Yo Ye Fanxing
Your wings are hard.
You want to challenge your parents, right?
Ye Fanxing
Do you want me to kick you out?
Don't worry.
Your brother, your brother is the heart of your parents
I asked you to be with Mr. Xu for your own good
Don't you want grandma's forgiveness?